source/includes/plugin/_controlling_front.md, before:

# Controlling Front
The javascript library exposes several helper functions to send commands to the app. Most functions accept either an alias or an object returned by `Front.fetchInboxes`, `Front.fetchAllowedTeammates` or `Front.fetchAllowedTags`.

## Unassign

```javascript
Front.unassign();
```

Unassign the currently selected conversation.

## Assign
```javascript
Front.assign('teammate_alias');
```

Assign the currently selected conversation to a teammate.

## Toggle archived

```javascript
Front.toggleArchive();
```

Toggle the archive flag of the currently selected conversations.

## Toggle trashed

```javascript
Front.toggleTrashed();
```

Toggle the trashed flag of the currently selected conversations.

## Compose new message

```javascript
Front.compose({
    from: 'mychannel@company.com',
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    cc: ['copy@example.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    tags: ['tag_alias_1', 'tag_alias_2'],
    attachment_uids: [],
    hide_composer: false
});
```
Open a new message. Will do nothing if an inbox cannot be selected (for example, if you try to compose to a Twitter handle, but have no Twitter inbox).

The **options** object accepts the following fields :

* `from` (optional) is the address of the channel that will be used to compose this message.
* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `tags` (optional) will be used to tag the conversation. Can be a list of tag aliases or a list of objects with an alias property. If omitted, no tags will be applied. Tags can be retrieved from fetchAllowedTags.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).
* `hide_composer` (optional) whether or not to hide the composer for the new draft message (default to `false`).

## Compose reply

```javascript
Front.reply({
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    tags: ['tag_alias_1', 'tag_alias_2'],
    attachment_uids: []
}, replyAll);
```
Send a reply to the latest message of the current conversation. Will do nothing unless a conversation is selected.

The **options** object accepts the following fields :

* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails. If omitted, it will reply with the previous subject prefixed by "Re : ".
* `tags` (optional) will be used to tag the conversation. Can be a list of tag aliases or a list of objects with an alias property. If omitted, no tags will be applied. Tags can be retrieved from fetchAllowedTags.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).

The `replyAll` parameter will transform a simple reply in a reply all if set to true.

## Compose forward

```javascript
Front.forward({
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    attachment_uids: []
});
```

* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails. If omitted, it will reply with the previous subject prefixed by "Fw : ".
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).

## Update draft

```javascript
Front.updateDraft(draft_id, {
    recipients: {
        to: ['email@example.com'],
        cc: [],
        bcc: []
    },
    attachment_uids: []
}, callback);
```

Updates the draft of the current conversation. You can get the `draft_id` by calling the [`fetchDraft` method](#fetch-draft).

* `recipients` (optional) object of recipients (to, cc, bcc) containing an array of recipients for each field. If present, will replace all the recipients.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) array of attachment UIDs to attach to the draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored). If present, will replace all the attachments.

## Tagging/Untagging a conversation

```javascript
Front.attachTag('feature_request');
Front.detachTag('feature_request');
```

You can add or remove tags from a conversation. For this, you will need the alias of the tag. The alias is a URL-friendly, human-readable name for the tag that is unique to your company. You can find the alias of a tag by looking at your browser URL when you click on a tag in Front.


## Moving a conversation to an inbox

```javascript
Front.moveToInbox('contact');
```

You can move a conversation to an inbox. You can request a conversation to be moved to a team inbox not accessible by the user, but they will get a confirmation dialog (as they will lose access to the conversation).

## Search

```javascript
Front.search('search query terms');
```

Perform a search

## Insert HTML

```javascript
Front.insertHTML('Automatically inserted HTML');
```

Lets you insert HTML in the message composer where the user cursor is.

<aside class="warning">
<strong>Limitation</strong><br>
Inserting HTML is currently supported only when composing a reply (not in the new message composer)
</aside>

##  Add topic

```javascript
Front.addTopic({
    type: 'web',
    name: 'Link example',
    ext_link: 'http://example.com'
}, function() {
    console.log('done');
});
```

A topic is an external link attached to your conversation. It has a type, a name and an URL.

| Field     | Type      | Description                                                                     |
|-----------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type      | String    | Type of the topic. Can be either `web`, `github`, `jira`, `trello` or `assana`. |
| name      | String    | Name of the link which will appear on the conversation.                         |
| ext_link  | String    | URL of the topic.                                                               |

## Set Width

```javascript
Front.setPanelWidth(400);
```

The plugin initially appears with a width of 300px. However, you can request more space very easily:

Commit message:

Add documentation for Front.openUrl method

source/includes/plugin/_controlling_front.md, after:

# Controlling Front
The javascript library exposes several helper functions to send commands to the app. Most functions accept either an alias or an object returned by `Front.fetchInboxes`, `Front.fetchAllowedTeammates` or `Front.fetchAllowedTags`.

## Unassign

```javascript
Front.unassign();
```

Unassign the currently selected conversation.

## Assign
```javascript
Front.assign('teammate_alias');
```

Assign the currently selected conversation to a teammate.

## Toggle archived

```javascript
Front.toggleArchive();
```

Toggle the archive flag of the currently selected conversations.

## Toggle trashed

```javascript
Front.toggleTrashed();
```

Toggle the trashed flag of the currently selected conversations.

## Open URL

```javascript
Front.openUrl('https://app.frontapp.com/open/cnv_55c8c149');
```

Request Front to open a URL. Using a conversation URL (cf: the field `link` in the conversation object), it lets you open a conversation. 

<aside class="info">If the URL is recognized as an external URL, Front will open it in a new tab in the user's default browser.</aside> 

## Compose new message

```javascript
Front.compose({
    from: 'mychannel@company.com',
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    cc: ['copy@example.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    tags: ['tag_alias_1', 'tag_alias_2'],
    attachment_uids: [],
    hide_composer: false
});
```
Open a new message. Will do nothing if an inbox cannot be selected (for example, if you try to compose to a Twitter handle, but have no Twitter inbox).

The **options** object accepts the following fields :

* `from` (optional) is the address of the channel that will be used to compose this message.
* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `tags` (optional) will be used to tag the conversation. Can be a list of tag aliases or a list of objects with an alias property. If omitted, no tags will be applied. Tags can be retrieved from fetchAllowedTags.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).
* `hide_composer` (optional) whether or not to hide the composer for the new draft message (default to `false`).

## Compose reply

```javascript
Front.reply({
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    tags: ['tag_alias_1', 'tag_alias_2'],
    attachment_uids: []
}, replyAll);
```
Send a reply to the latest message of the current conversation. Will do nothing unless a conversation is selected.

The **options** object accepts the following fields :

* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails. If omitted, it will reply with the previous subject prefixed by "Re : ".
* `tags` (optional) will be used to tag the conversation. Can be a list of tag aliases or a list of objects with an alias property. If omitted, no tags will be applied. Tags can be retrieved from fetchAllowedTags.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).

The `replyAll` parameter will transform a simple reply in a reply all if set to true.

## Compose forward

```javascript
Front.forward({
    to: ['someone@somewhere.com'],
    subject: 'Optional subject',
    body: 'Optional body',
    attachment_uids: []
});
```

* `to` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address, a phone number or a Twitter handle.
* `cc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `bcc` (optional) is an array of recipients, that can be an email address.
* `body` (optional) is the content of your message. If you have any, a signature will be appended.
* `subject` (optional) will be used as subject for emails. If omitted, it will reply with the previous subject prefixed by "Fw : ".
* `attachment_uids` (optional) is an array of attachment UIDs to attach to the new draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored).

## Update draft

```javascript
Front.updateDraft(draft_id, {
    recipients: {
        to: ['email@example.com'],
        cc: [],
        bcc: []
    },
    attachment_uids: []
}, callback);
```

Updates the draft of the current conversation. You can get the `draft_id` by calling the [`fetchDraft` method](#fetch-draft).

* `recipients` (optional) object of recipients (to, cc, bcc) containing an array of recipients for each field. If present, will replace all the recipients.
* `attachment_uids` (optional) array of attachment UIDs to attach to the draft. UIDs can be found in the messages of the current selected conversation (UIDs not found in the conversation will be ignored). If present, will replace all the attachments.

## Tagging/Untagging a conversation

```javascript
Front.attachTag('feature_request');
Front.detachTag('feature_request');
```

You can add or remove tags from a conversation. For this, you will need the alias of the tag. The alias is a URL-friendly, human-readable name for the tag that is unique to your company. You can find the alias of a tag by looking at your browser URL when you click on a tag in Front.


## Moving a conversation to an inbox

```javascript
Front.moveToInbox('contact');
```

You can move a conversation to an inbox. You can request a conversation to be moved to a team inbox not accessible by the user, but they will get a confirmation dialog (as they will lose access to the conversation).

## Search

```javascript
Front.search('search query terms');
```

Perform a search

## Insert HTML

```javascript
Front.insertHTML('Automatically inserted HTML');
```

Lets you insert HTML in the message composer where the user cursor is.

<aside class="warning">
<strong>Limitation</strong><br>
Inserting HTML is currently supported only when composing a reply (not in the new message composer)
</aside>

##  Add topic

```javascript
Front.addTopic({
    type: 'web',
    name: 'Link example',
    ext_link: 'http://example.com'
}, function() {
    console.log('done');
});
```

A topic is an external link attached to your conversation. It has a type, a name and an URL.

| Field     | Type      | Description                                                                     |
|-----------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| type      | String    | Type of the topic. Can be either `web`, `github`, `jira`, `trello` or `assana`. |
| name      | String    | Name of the link which will appear on the conversation.                         |
| ext_link  | String    | URL of the topic.                                                               |

## Set Width

```javascript
Front.setPanelWidth(400);
```

The plugin initially appears with a width of 300px. However, you can request more space very easily:
