source/includes/_webhooks.md, before:

# Webhooks

A webhook allows you to be automatically notified when something happens in Front without having to constantly poll the API.

## Setup

To create a webhook, you need to:

* Make sure that the Webhook integration is active (go to Settings > API & Integrations > Integrations)
![Activate webhooks](webhook-activation.png)
* Create a new rule with the conditions you want (go to Settings > Rules > New rule)
![Create a new webhook rule](webhook-rule.png)

Once the rule is created, whenever the conditions are met, Front will send a **POST** HTTP request to the webhook URL you specified.
The request body will contain the [preview data](#event-preview) corresponding to the event. You will then be able to request either the entire event data or each resources separately.

## Checking data integrity

```javascript
const crypto = require('crypto');
const apiSecret = 'YOUR_API_SECRET';

function validateFrontSignature(data, signature) {
    var hash = crypto.createHmac('sha1', apiSecret)
                     .update(JSON.stringify(data))
                     .digest('base64');

   return hash === signature;
}
```

For security reason and since the webhook URL is open to the public, you should not trust any incoming requests that it receives.
Each requests we send to your webhook URLs will contain an `X-Front-Signature` header generated using the request body and your API Secret.

To validate that the data came from Front, you need to calculate the base64 encoded HMAC hash of the request body using sha1 algorithm and your API secret as the key. If the value matches the signature in the header, you can be sure the request was sent from Front.

**You can get your API secret by going to Settings > API & Integrations > API.**

Commit message:

Link to the help center article for webhook setup

source/includes/_webhooks.md, after:

# Webhooks

A webhook allows you to be automatically notified when something happens in Front without having to constantly poll the API.

## Setup

For more information about how to enable and setup a webhook, please refer to our [help center](https://community.frontapp.com/t/x1693s/how-to-enable-and-use-the-webhooks-integration).  

## Checking data integrity

```javascript
const crypto = require('crypto');
const apiSecret = 'YOUR_API_SECRET';

function validateFrontSignature(data, signature) {
    var hash = crypto.createHmac('sha1', apiSecret)
                     .update(JSON.stringify(data))
                     .digest('base64');

   return hash === signature;
}
```

For security reason and since the webhook URL is open to the public, you should not trust any incoming requests that it receives.
Each requests we send to your webhook URLs will contain an `X-Front-Signature` header generated using the request body and your API Secret.

To validate that the data came from Front, you need to calculate the base64 encoded HMAC hash of the request body using sha1 algorithm and your API secret as the key. If the value matches the signature in the header, you can be sure the request was sent from Front.

**You can get your API secret by going to Settings > API & Integrations > API.**
