source/index.html.md, before:

---
title: Front API Reference

toc_footers:
  - <a href='https://frontapp.com/signup?affiliate=developers'>Create a developer account</a>
  - <a href='plugin.html'>Plugin API documentation</a>
  - <a href='chat.html'>Chat widget API documentation</a>
  - <a href='changelog.html'>Changelog</a>
  - <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>Contact us</a>

language_tabs: # must be one of https://git.io/vQNgJ
  - shell

includes:
  - endpoints
  - attachments
  - file_upload
  - custom_channels
  - webhooks
  - oauth

search: true
---

# Introduction

## Getting started

You can create a new developer account by registering [at this link](https://frontapp.com/signup?affiliate=developers).

## Authentication

```http
GET /teammates HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

> You should replace "`<token>`" in the example above by your JSON Web Token.

The API uses [JSON Web Token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519) to authenticate its user.

You **MUST** send the token for each request in the **Authorization** header. The token **MUST** be preceeded by `Bearer `

You can get your JSON web token directly from Front (go to > Plugins & API > API).

## Content type

```http
POST /channels/{channel_id}/messages HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
Content-Type: application/json

{}
```

The API is designed to communicate with your server using JSON. All responses coming from the API will send data in a valid JSON object.
If you need to send data to the API, your request **SHOULD** set the `Content-Type` HTTP header to `application/json`.

Some endpoints also support multipart requests for file upload. For more details about it, please check our [multipart request](#send-multipart-request) documentation.

## Limitations

### Rate limiting

By default, the API is limited to 100 requests in 60 seconds. If you need more, please <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>contact us</a>.
Every response will contains three headers related to the rate-limiting:

> Example of a response to a request exceeding the rate limit. The client should wait 20s before resending the request.

```http
HTTP/1.1 429 Too Many Requests
X-RateLimit-Limit: 100
X-RateLimit-Remaining: 0
X-RateLimit-Reset: 1454450858
Retry-After: 20
```

| Name                      | Description                                                           |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `X-RateLimit-Limit`       | Maximum number of request allowed in the time window                  |
| `X-RateLimit-Remaining`   | Current remaining number of requests in the current time window       |
| `X-RateLimit-Reset`       | Next timestamp when the number of remaining requests will be reset    |


When the rate limit is exceeded, the server will respond with a [**429 Too Many Requests**](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6585#section-4) HTTP code with the header `Retry-After` to tell you how many seconds you need to wait before you can retry the request.

### Additional Rate limiting
Some resource intensive routes are subject to additional rate limiting to prevent strain on Front's infrastructure. This additional rate limit has a short TTL and only prevents sudden bursts of requests. The limit will depend on the resources needed to fulfill the request.

Such routes have the header `X-Front-Tier`. If you are rate limited for such a route, you will receive the header `Retry-After`, even though `X-RateLimit-Remaining` may be greater than 0. This is because the limits do not affect each other.

Please wait `Retry-After` seconds before safely retrying the request.

If you experience any difficulties, please <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>contact us</a>.

### Individual resources

By default, individual resources are private and the API does not let you interact with them nor with their content.
However, a user has the ability to allow access to their individual resources from the API in their settings (cf: Settings > My preferences).

<aside class="notice">Individual resources are accessible only to tokens that have been generated by Front. OAuth clients are not authorized to access them.</aside>

## Resource aliases

You can refer to all the resources with their IDs. Alternatively, some resources can be accessed via a more human readable alias:

* [Teammates](#teammates) can be identified with their `email`.
* [Channels](#channels) can be identified with their `address`.
* [Contacts](#contacts) can be identified with one of their `source` and `handle`.
* [Messages](#messages) can be identified with their `uid`.

If you want to use an alternative alias, you **MUST** prefix it with `alt:` and the name of the value used to identify the resource.
Examples:

* `alt:email:leela@planet-express.com` for the teammate with the email address *leela@planet-express.com*.
* `alt:address:@FrontApp` for the channel with the address *@FrontApp*.
* `alt:twitter:@leela` for the contact having the twitter handle *@leela*.
* `alt:phone:+12345678900` for the contact having the phone number *+12345678900*.
* `alt:uid:3b1q41d8` for the message with the uid *3b1q41d8*.

## Dates

All dates in the Front API are encoded as a number representing Unix time: It is the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 UTC, January 1st 1970.

Since Front is based on events that can occur during the same second, all the timestamps include leap seconds with a precision of 3 digits: `1454453901.012`.

## Search parameters

For some requests to get a large collection of resources, you can send search criteria in the query string via a parameter named `q`.

> Fetch all conversations deleted and assigned:

```http
GET /conversations?q[statuses][]=deleted&q[statuses][]=assigned HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Accept: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

### Search criteria for conversations

| Name       | Type             | Description                                                                                                               |
|------------|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `statuses` | array (optional) | List of the statuses of the conversations you want to list. <br>Can be 'assigned', 'unassigned', 'archived' or 'deleted'  |

> Fetch all comment and assign events between Jan 25th, 2016 at 2:00 pm and January 25th, 2016 at 5:00 pm:

```http
GET /events?q[types][]=comment&q[types][]=assign&q[after]=1453730400&q[before]=1453741200 HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Accept: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

### Search criteria for events

| Name     | Type              | Description                                              |
|----------|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `types`  | array (optional)  | List of the types of events you want to list             |
| `before` | number (optional) | Timestamp of the max date of the events you want to list |
| `after`  | number (optional) | Timestamp of the min date of the events you want to list |

### Search criteria for contacts

| Name             | Type              | Description                                  |
|------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| `updated_before` | number (optional) | Timestamp of the max date of the last update |
| `updated_after`  | number (optional) | Timestamp of the min date of the last update |

## Response body structure

A JSON object will be at the root of every responses body. When requesting a resource collections, the collection will be encapsulated in a `_results` field.

A response will contain at least one of the following top-level members:

* `_pagination`: An object containing pagination information.
* `_links`: An object containing the resource links for self-discoverability.
* `_error`: An array of [error objects](#error).

### Pagination

When listing a large number of resources, the API server will return a limited number of results.
When this is the case, the JSON response will contain a field named `_pagination`.

| Name      | Type              | Description                       |
|-----------|-------------------|-----------------------------------|
| `prev`    | string (optional) | URL of the previous page          |
| `next`    | string (optional) | URL of the next page              |


### Links

To improve the self-discoverability of our API, every resources contains a `_links` object:

| Name      | Type              | Description                                   |
|-----------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `self`    | string            | URL of the resource                           |
| `related` | object (optional) | Object listing the URL of related resources   |

### Error

When the response is an error, its body will contain an `_error` object to describe the error.

An error object looks like this:

| Name      | Type      | Description                               |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------------------------|
| `status`  | number    | HTTP status code applicable to the error  |
| `title`   | string    | Human-readable summary of the problem     |
| `message` | string    | Human-readable explanation of the error   |
| `details` | array     | List of string detailing the error        |

Commit message:

Clarify how to get started with Front's API as an existing customer

source/index.html.md, after:

---
title: Front API Reference

toc_footers:
  - <a href='https://frontapp.com/signup?affiliate=developers'>Create a developer account</a>
  - <a href='plugin.html'>Plugin API documentation</a>
  - <a href='chat.html'>Chat widget API documentation</a>
  - <a href='changelog.html'>Changelog</a>
  - <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>Contact us</a>

language_tabs: # must be one of https://git.io/vQNgJ
  - shell

includes:
  - endpoints
  - attachments
  - file_upload
  - custom_channels
  - webhooks
  - oauth

search: true
---

# Introduction

## Getting started

You can create a new developer account by registering [at this link](https://frontapp.com/signup?affiliate=developers).

If you are already a Front customer, read our [How to create and revoke API tokens](https://help.frontapp.com/t/36dsxd/how-to-create-and-revoke-api-tokens) guide for information on how to generate an API token, and get started with Front's API.

## Authentication

```http
GET /teammates HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

> You should replace "`<token>`" in the example above by your JSON Web Token.

The API uses [JSON Web Token](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519) to authenticate its user.

You **MUST** send the token for each request in the **Authorization** header. The token **MUST** be preceeded by `Bearer `

You can get your JSON web token directly from Front (go to > Plugins & API > API).

## Content type

```http
POST /channels/{channel_id}/messages HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Accept: application/json
Content-Type: application/json

{}
```

The API is designed to communicate with your server using JSON. All responses coming from the API will send data in a valid JSON object.
If you need to send data to the API, your request **SHOULD** set the `Content-Type` HTTP header to `application/json`.

Some endpoints also support multipart requests for file upload. For more details about it, please check our [multipart request](#send-multipart-request) documentation.

## Limitations

### Rate limiting

By default, the API is limited to 100 requests in 60 seconds. If you need more, please <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>contact us</a>.
Every response will contains three headers related to the rate-limiting:

> Example of a response to a request exceeding the rate limit. The client should wait 20s before resending the request.

```http
HTTP/1.1 429 Too Many Requests
X-RateLimit-Limit: 100
X-RateLimit-Remaining: 0
X-RateLimit-Reset: 1454450858
Retry-After: 20
```

| Name                      | Description                                                           |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `X-RateLimit-Limit`       | Maximum number of request allowed in the time window                  |
| `X-RateLimit-Remaining`   | Current remaining number of requests in the current time window       |
| `X-RateLimit-Reset`       | Next timestamp when the number of remaining requests will be reset    |


When the rate limit is exceeded, the server will respond with a [**429 Too Many Requests**](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6585#section-4) HTTP code with the header `Retry-After` to tell you how many seconds you need to wait before you can retry the request.

### Additional Rate limiting
Some resource intensive routes are subject to additional rate limiting to prevent strain on Front's infrastructure. This additional rate limit has a short TTL and only prevents sudden bursts of requests. The limit will depend on the resources needed to fulfill the request.

Such routes have the header `X-Front-Tier`. If you are rate limited for such a route, you will receive the header `Retry-After`, even though `X-RateLimit-Remaining` may be greater than 0. This is because the limits do not affect each other.

Please wait `Retry-After` seconds before safely retrying the request.

If you experience any difficulties, please <a href='mailto:api@frontapp.com'>contact us</a>.

### Individual resources

By default, individual resources are private and the API does not let you interact with them nor with their content.
However, a user has the ability to allow access to their individual resources from the API in their settings (cf: Settings > My preferences).

<aside class="notice">Individual resources are accessible only to tokens that have been generated by Front. OAuth clients are not authorized to access them.</aside>

## Resource aliases

You can refer to all the resources with their IDs. Alternatively, some resources can be accessed via a more human readable alias:

* [Teammates](#teammates) can be identified with their `email`.
* [Channels](#channels) can be identified with their `address`.
* [Contacts](#contacts) can be identified with one of their `source` and `handle`.
* [Messages](#messages) can be identified with their `uid`.

If you want to use an alternative alias, you **MUST** prefix it with `alt:` and the name of the value used to identify the resource.
Examples:

* `alt:email:leela@planet-express.com` for the teammate with the email address *leela@planet-express.com*.
* `alt:address:@FrontApp` for the channel with the address *@FrontApp*.
* `alt:twitter:@leela` for the contact having the twitter handle *@leela*.
* `alt:phone:+12345678900` for the contact having the phone number *+12345678900*.
* `alt:uid:3b1q41d8` for the message with the uid *3b1q41d8*.

## Dates

All dates in the Front API are encoded as a number representing Unix time: It is the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 UTC, January 1st 1970.

Since Front is based on events that can occur during the same second, all the timestamps include leap seconds with a precision of 3 digits: `1454453901.012`.

## Search parameters

For some requests to get a large collection of resources, you can send search criteria in the query string via a parameter named `q`.

> Fetch all conversations deleted and assigned:

```http
GET /conversations?q[statuses][]=deleted&q[statuses][]=assigned HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Accept: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

### Search criteria for conversations

| Name       | Type             | Description                                                                                                               |
|------------|------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `statuses` | array (optional) | List of the statuses of the conversations you want to list. <br>Can be 'assigned', 'unassigned', 'archived' or 'deleted'  |

> Fetch all comment and assign events between Jan 25th, 2016 at 2:00 pm and January 25th, 2016 at 5:00 pm:

```http
GET /events?q[types][]=comment&q[types][]=assign&q[after]=1453730400&q[before]=1453741200 HTTP/1.1
Host: api2.frontapp.com
Accept: application/json
Authorization: Bearer <token>
```

### Search criteria for events

| Name     | Type              | Description                                              |
|----------|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `types`  | array (optional)  | List of the types of events you want to list             |
| `before` | number (optional) | Timestamp of the max date of the events you want to list |
| `after`  | number (optional) | Timestamp of the min date of the events you want to list |

### Search criteria for contacts

| Name             | Type              | Description                                  |
|------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| `updated_before` | number (optional) | Timestamp of the max date of the last update |
| `updated_after`  | number (optional) | Timestamp of the min date of the last update |

## Response body structure

A JSON object will be at the root of every responses body. When requesting a resource collections, the collection will be encapsulated in a `_results` field.

A response will contain at least one of the following top-level members:

* `_pagination`: An object containing pagination information.
* `_links`: An object containing the resource links for self-discoverability.
* `_error`: An array of [error objects](#error).

### Pagination

When listing a large number of resources, the API server will return a limited number of results.
When this is the case, the JSON response will contain a field named `_pagination`.

| Name      | Type              | Description                       |
|-----------|-------------------|-----------------------------------|
| `prev`    | string (optional) | URL of the previous page          |
| `next`    | string (optional) | URL of the next page              |


### Links

To improve the self-discoverability of our API, every resources contains a `_links` object:

| Name      | Type              | Description                                   |
|-----------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `self`    | string            | URL of the resource                           |
| `related` | object (optional) | Object listing the URL of related resources   |

### Error

When the response is an error, its body will contain an `_error` object to describe the error.

An error object looks like this:

| Name      | Type      | Description                               |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------------------------|
| `status`  | number    | HTTP status code applicable to the error  |
| `title`   | string    | Human-readable summary of the problem     |
| `message` | string    | Human-readable explanation of the error   |
| `details` | array     | List of string detailing the error        |
